Yeah
Then Mr. Wang should be careful.
I am this person
The best way is to return the favor with your own body
What do you mean?
You stinky upstart
What's the point of talking to me about giving back what you have given me?
Take a piss and see what you have done
Mr. Wang, we are here to see you today
Because I want to know
The reason why Ruiguang Company terminated the contract with us
in addition
After all, our two companies have been cooperating for such a long time.
What about the female anchors under the company?
It also created a lot of income for our platform
Or you can reconsider it
As far as I know
There are already 5 live streaming platforms
Cancel the cooperation with Xingyue Media
Why do you still consider
Ha ha
Isn't this fake cooperation?
It's not impossible
Really
Zhang Mei's contract is in this USB flash drive
Mr. Wang, we can sign the contract now.
Contract
It's not that easy to sign a contract with Ruiguang
Hey
What are you doing?